## Week 4 (3/13): AI reasoning

Group Presentation of the Reading assignments

Team 3: Presentation

Team 7: Challenging by asking questions

### Quiz on SGD and SGP-TOD:
1. Traditional dialog systems consist of NLU, DST, PolicyTraining, and NLG modules. At which step will the dialogue system call DB and API? In what situation?
2. What are dialog acts? What dialog acts would you design to control the assistant’s behavior?
3. Explain how machine-to-machine (M2M) Schema-Guided Dialog (SGD) corpus are prepared.
4. Explain how the task schema is designed in SGP-TOD to build zero-shot dialog systems. (a) What are belief instructions composed of? (b) How is Dialogy Policy designed?
5. List all terminologies used in SGP-TOD. Find corresponding terms in SGD and make a bipartite graph.

### Lecture Topics [[Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rA3p3-73bq3kjpPMnlMyHjYwFz9oCKNeJ6mVyE-7dPU/edit?usp=sharing)]: 
- Chain-of-Thoughts, ReAct, Tree-of-Thought
- Self-Refine, Beam Search
- Reflexion, LATS 

### Paper Reading with AI Assistants
- Use ChatPDF/NotebookLLM/EduACT to help reading
Your introduction of the reading assignments (highlight the part generated by AI)
- Group Discussion
- Your comments of your partner' introduction
### Reading assignments
1. [Tree of thoughts: deliberate problem solving with large language models [NeurIPS2023]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/abs/10.5555/3666122.3666639)
2. [LANGUAGE AGENT TREE SEARCH UNIFIES REASONING ACTING AND PLANNING IN LANGUAGE MODELS [ICML2024]](https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.5555/3692070.3694642)